In discussion with Frank, we modified the “stories” for the ExaLearn - ODED track.  Please see below. The updated stories, reflects the change in focus and expertise. 

One additional item we need to discuss during today’s meeting are stories for FY2021.

Best
Shantenu 

— Story (to date): We began by investigating neural network models to infer
cosmological parameters from simulation data. This proved challenging due to the
complexity of the model and in particular the training required. Since the start
of the year, we have been working on a simplified OED problem involving a test
system that has (i) Uncertain system dynamics, (ii) User-specified
control/intervention and (iii) Cost of intervention under uncertainty and (iv)
Experimental measurement that is assumed to be expensive. The question we have
formulated — thought not fully answered yet is: what experiment should be made
next that (1) reduces uncertainty and (2) is optimal across all uncertainty
w.r.t. the cost?

— Story (for September): By Sept 30, 2020 we will have implemented the above
scenario using code on Summit. The workflow will use a the library
(ExaLearn-ODED) API to create the workflow.  We are also working on the optimal
filtering and selection of a 4-stage execution pipeline that emulates the
4-stage campaign used in the covid-19 drug selection / design
project. Specifically the objective is to optimize the overall pipeline for
screening potential target molecules for COVID-19 by tuning the “selectivity” of
each stage so as to achieve the objective of maximizing the proportion (or
number) of the potential target molecules that pass the final stage filter and
which are promising target molecules whose stage-4 score exceeds the specified
threshold. We will implement this workflow will use ExaLearn-ODED library and
will execute on Summit.
